[Music]
hello and welcome to Otto portal comm
the carbon website that helps you buy
better well as a motoring journalist
some days are better than others and
today is one of the better days why
because I've got the Jaguar XF through
you for you today and tell you how good
it really is but of course I don't have
to tell you how good-looking it is now
we'll play some music while you take a
look around the cars gorgeous looks
[Music]
well with its cat-shaped headlamps the
nice and big muscular grille up front
and lots of room in the face this car
looks really classy when you move on the
side of course you get these big 17-inch
wheels and these masculine pronounced
wheel arches which really help give it a
purposeful stance the back of the car
with the sloping roofline looks really
sexy as well overall the best looking
car in its class well where the XF
really excels in booth Department and
because it is square shaped and it's got
a wide opening it really is easy to put
in that golf bag into this boot well if
you thought that the Jaguar XF sense of
drama ended on the outside you were
wrong because inside it's equally as
dramatic as on the outside when you
start the engine this rotary knob for
the galley was pops out these AC vents
open up and that really does add to the
visual sense of appeal and drama inside
the cabin also very practical place to
be you get these twin cupholders over
here the small tray over here to keep
your knickknacks in this Club box is
also pretty big it's got that damp
effect which really opens up softly and
all the materials used are absolutely
first-rate this black silver as well as
the beige combination works really well
well talking about the equipment you get
this big screen over here which has the
navigation controls as well as your
stereo and the telephone controls on it
and also doubles up as the reverse
camera screen when you are reversing
while finding a nice and comfortable
driving position behind this wheel is
really easy because this steering will
adjust for reach as well as Rick
electronically and the seats also adjust
electronically which really means that
getting comfortable behind the wheel is
a very very easy affair the dials look
very very sporty as well and elegant at
the same time well you also get traction
control which you can switch off from
this button here and also winter mode to
drive on which means that if you are
driving in hilly conditions where there
is snow or ice you can of course switch
this on for better traction from the
wheels and at the end of the day this is
exactly the kind of cabin you want to be
in it's very calm very serene and after
that long and exhausting board meeting
you'll really enjoy heading back home in
this car
cocoon from the outside world with very
minimum noise entering this cabin from
what I was happening outside well I'm in
the backseat of txf now and as you can
see Headroom is pretty decent legroom is
a very good as well in fact you can
really stretch out your legs over here
quite nicely and the quality of material
is absolutely first-rate you know
everything feels really premium and it's
a job really well done by Jaguar the
materials used the colour everything is
really fantastic over here the only
downside of course is that this huge
transmission tunnel means that whoever's
sitting here in the middle will you know
sit looking a little ungainly on the
plus-side dog there's a button here
around the front seat so you can move it
from the back for their excellent room
and you really do get a lot of legroom
over here this passenger can actually
really stretch his legs out in fact go
off to sleep on that long journey
well can you hear that getting at the
engine no you can't because it's really
really refined and super smooth unit and
passenger at the back are gonna have a
tough time actually telling if it should
be a lot of petrol it's not refined and
really adds the common serene ambience
of the cabin it's also very very rev
happy which means there even when you
push it all the way to its red line
which is around 5,000 rpm it goes
without any fuss it really is one of the
best aspects of this Jaguar XF well the
mid-range is pretty punchy and because
so 8-speed gearbox
you really are never found wanting in
the wrong gear because electronics
really work hard to get you in the right
way at the right time and gas changes
are very very effortless and very quick
well these panel ships really add to the
sense of drive involvement and I don't
think a lot of drivers will actually end
up using the last two gals okay number
seven and eight unless they are going to
use this paddle shift automatically I
don't think the car will ever ship into
them when you are driving it around town
on the highway there's a lot of grip
from the tires which means when you want
to push this car into corners it always
has that confidence inspiring and very
predictable handling
well the steering offers decent amount
of feel it's not as fearsome as maybe
say a 5 Series from a BMW but it's
pretty decent it's pretty good in fact
and I'm just nitpicking right now but it
actually is pretty good and with this
agile and really dynamic chassis you
will enjoy driving this kind pushing it
hard into corners well if you want more
sporty performance from the gearbox you
can of course shift into the S motor
sports mode by just dialing this gauge
down and well what the S mode really
does is it makes the engine hold on to
those revs much more longer and makes
the gas it's much more crisper which
means this car sporty quotient goes up
quite a long way
why what the Jaguar XF really represents
is a nice combination between a sporting
saloon and luxurious limo it offers
dramatic looks on the outside as well as
the inside a very very nice ride and a
very refined diesel engine things which
most luxury car buyers are looking at
and that really does make the XF a
viable alternative to its established
German rivals well and as always if you
want to know more about this car and its
rivals head to our website audible.com
and as always don't forget to subscribe
to our YouTube channel by clicking on
this link above
[Music]
you